This bag is so beautiful.
Well, you look so good on your back.
Treasure coin worth 7 digits
Can it not be beautiful?
Grandma eats, I can't ask for it.
This is an induction gift from grandma to you
Take it and don't be polite to me
Grandma, it's not that I'm polite to you.
My dad thinks the practical value of the bag is more important
Look at this.
Although he looks ordinary
But cheap and durable
This bag is too expensive.
It's a work of art that can only be offered up.
I can't use it.
Nowhere to use
You are wasting his value by giving it to me.
Ji Xue shows that Wei is a vain person
But why is Mingwei's performance different from what he said?
Grandma, he's the important guest you said
Wei Wei is already working in your company
You already know his basic information
He is a kind
Self-motivated
A very practical girl
I really want to be a family with him
Grandma meant for me to marry her.